welcome back to movie reviews today i am
going to show you a comedy horror titled
scout's guide to the zombie apocalypse
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film starts with ron the janitor jamming out
to black widow in the halls of a research facility
he enters where dr peter morris is working on
something peter leaves to get a snack from the
vending machine while ron cleans up he notices
something behind a curtain there he finds a man
hooked up to a machine with tubes and his skin
is pale and veiny ron grabs the man's wrist
and he twitches making ron stumble backwards and
screw up the machine as he tries to fix it he then
attempts to give the man cpr until he sees his
bleeding gums he tries to resuscitate him with
his hands but they go through the man's stomach
the man jumps up and starts throwing ron all over
the room while peter is struggling to get a bag of
chips out as he tries to reach the bag ron emerges
from the room all zombified and attacks peter
the bag then slowly drops to the bottom three boy
scouts and childhood buddies ben carter and auggie
are with their scout leader rogers for scouts
registration day unfortunately only one kid is
there and he leaves after watching the corny video
although discouraged rogers reminds the boys that
tonight is a special night for augie since he's
getting his condor badge while driving home carter
tells ben that they need to tell augie that they
want to quit being scouts despite sticking around
for the last two years after the death of august
dad carter is more interested in hooking up with
girls while ben thinks they should stick around
for their buddy ben then hits a deer on the road
causing a flat tire as they change it carter sees
his sister kendall arriving with her boyfriend
jeff and friend chloe ben has a crush on kendall
despite her seeing him as a little brother
and carter not knowing while ben talks to
kendall carter chats up the other two and gets
an invitation to a secret senior party that night
ben then notices that the deer is not in the same
spot where it fell thinking the party could be
life-changing for them carter tells ben that they
can go to auggie's bad ceremony and sneak out to
the party when he's asleep ben drives carter home
where they run into his grouchy elderly neighbor
misfielder who tells carter to keep his garbage
bins away from her driveway in the woods rogers
walks and finds peter's badge he sees something
rustling in the bushes the deer emerges in its
zombie state and tries to get rogers he stabs
the deer in the eye with his lucky knife only
to then get his throat bitten out by zombie peter
on the way to the ceremony ben and carter stop by
the liquor store so carter can give a drunken bum
20 to get them beer this backfires since the man
makes a ruckus in the store passing by is denise
a girl that supposedly dropped out from the boys
high school and became a stripper ben meets her
when the handle of her purse breaks so he fixes it
with a special knot denise notices that carter
is trying to get the money back from the bum
so she goes in and coolly grabs the money and
gets the beers for the boys before heading to
work at the strip joint across the street ben and
carter meet augie in the woods where he's already
getting his camping gear ready the boys hang out
and goof off all afternoon until it gets dark
they light a fire and roast marshmallows when
carter leaves for a bit auggie expresses his joy
of getting to hang out with his friends making
ben feel a little guilty about wanting to leave
after augie falls asleep carter gets banned
and they drive away only for augie to show
up on the road he knows about the party and
while he's heartbroken and disappointed he
tells the guys to go anyway ben and carter stop
at the liquor store for a moment ben sees that
the glass door has been shattered carter sees
that the bouncer at the strip joint is missing
he gets ben to go inside with him carter runs to
get money from the atm while ben sits by the stage
a stripper comes out and starts to dance when
carter shows up the zombie stripper climbs the
pole and blood spurts from her open neck wound
revealing she is a zombie the boys run and find
the bouncer as a zombie too he chases ben into
the bathroom while carter hides from the stripper
she pulls him out from behind the bar but
carter kills her by sticking a broken glass
bottle in her head denise appears with a
shotgun and blasts the bouncer's head off
the three run outside and the boys slowly realize
that they are dealing with a zombie breakout
they run to ben's car as a horde of zombies
approach ben drives like crazy out of there
causing his spare tire to fall off denise holds
off the zombies as the boys quickly replace
the tire before they drive away augie goes to
rogers home he sees nobody there other than a
weird collection of dolly parton items augie
then goes to take a dump and returns to the
living room to find zombie rogers he chases
augie through the house all the way to the
basement where augie grabs a can of lighter fluid
and a gas lighter to set his scout leader on fire
he then ties rogers up and leaves then carter
and denise go to the sheriff's department and
see a sign that says the town's been evacuated the
zombie horde gets closer and the three run inside
the cops have been zombified as well forcing
them to lock themselves in a cell auggie later
shows up after seeing ben's car and blast
cranked at soulja boy to distract the zombies
as the zombies leave the three try to get the key
from the wall ben uses carter's condoms as a chain
and manages to grab the keys until augie shows
up and accidentally kicks them into a drainpipe
fortunately augie picks the lock with his knife
a zombie comes in but ben impales it through
the head they head out the four walk down the
road and encounter the drunken bomb as a zombie
augie attempts to assert himself using his scouts
knowledge leading him and carter to sing baby one
more time with the zombie after they notice his
britney spears shirt a bullet then goes through
the bum's head fired by a soldier he takes
the four to the address that carter was given
for the party so they can save kendall however
jeff gave carter the address to a sewage plant
because it's full of [ __ ] augie tells carter now
he knows what it's like to be screwed over carter
then admits that he and ben were already planning
to quit being scouts this makes augie tell carter
that ben has a crush on kendall angering carter
as the boys fight the soldier turns into a zombie
and attacks denise the boys help her and she
smashes the zombie's head with a car door
to make things worse they hear on the radio that
the town is to be bombed in less than two hours
carter deduces that kendall probably wrote the
location of the party in her diary so they take
the truck to his house they go into carter's house
to find the diary they look through kendall's room
until they hear a noise from downstairs carter
and auggie go to check it out denise then sees
a picture of kendall and understands why ben has
a crush on her noting his lack of confidence she
tells ben to kiss her he tries but accidentally
headbutts denise she then does it for him
zombies break into carter's home including
misfielder she attacks carter and tries to
literally eat his ass until he and augie force
her against a window to break it and then chop
her head off more zombies attack the gang
fights them and run toward kendall's room to
jump on the trampoline and over the fence carter
denise and auggie go ahead with ben going last
as the zombies break into the room kendall's
diary falls out of the underwear drawer
then grabs it and goes to jump but there
are too many zombies on the trampoline
and too many in the room ben prepares to jump
but nearly slips until he grabs hold of something
a zombie penis the penis rips off and ben falls on
the trampoline after denise distracts the zombies
the gang runs into miss fielder's home where they
encounter her zombie cats after escaping them
they head into the garage and steal her car before
getting out of there denise finds a motorcycle and
goes to get help ben gives his friends a rousing
speech on how they're going to kick zombie ass and
save their friends they stop at a hardware store
and grab many supplies before heading to the party
at the party chloe and her boyfriend travis go
into a room so travis can have sex with chloe
she refuses but allows him to eat her out a
zombie with no lower jaw enters and kills travis
he eats chloe out for a bit
before turning her into a zombie
kendall is worried about her brother until
jeff admits he gave carter the wrong address
pissed kendall leaves jeff tries to hold her
back but she slaps him he pushes kendall as
zombie chloe enters and attacks jeff kendall runs
away only to see that more zombies are coming
when it looks like she's done for the scouts
arrive to lay waste ben mows the zombies down
with a weed whacker carter has a nail gun and
augie has a gun that shoots heavy balls carter
nails chloe in the head while ben decapitates
jeff the boys lead the survivors to the stairs
while ben rescues kendall he stays behind to lock
the doors while his friends run toward a room
auggie places a bomb that he made on the floor and
tries to light it ben makes another speech on how
he and carter were jerks for trying to ditch
augie that he and carter only wanted to leave
the scouts because they were afraid everyone
would see them as dorks and socially backward
and that he really loves being a scout because
that's how he became friends with them augie goes
to light the bomb but the lighter is out of fluid
and augie has to again struggle to use his flint
denise shows up and guides the boys out through
a slide at the last minute augie lights the bomb
with his flint and gets out before it goes off
and blows up the zombies the last one is rogers
on the outside but he's blown up by a grenade
the military finally arrives to save the day
the morning comes and denise encourages ben to go
after kendall without a second thought he walks
up to her and kisses her passionately augie thinks
it's sweet but carter is displeased kendall smiles
impressed asking ben who are you ben answers
i'm a scout make sure to subscribe and turn
on post notifications so you can watch
more videos like this thanks for watching